Samuel Edward Troughton (born 27 March 1964 in
Lisburn, Northern Ireland) is a Northern Irish
former footballer who played as a forward and now
a coach.   == Playing career ==   === Club ===
Troughton played for Glentoran and Wolverhampton
Wanderers before coming to South Africa in 1985 to
play for Jomo Cosmos, Mamelodi Sundowns and then
Orlando Pirates. He was popularly known as
"Special Branch" during his playing days in South
Africa. In 1986, he briefly played for Crusaders,
playing two league games in two days against
Linfield and Glentoran (scoring in the latter) in
December 1986.   == Management career == After
retiring from football, Troughton coached mainly
lower league sides like Arcadia Shepherds,
Pretoria University and Durban Stars. He also had
a short stint as Orlando Pirates coach in 1994 and
worked as an assistant coach for Free State Stars.
Troughton was retained as University of Pretoria
manager for the start of the 2015–16 season. In
March 2016, he took charge of Vasco da Gama for
the rest of the season. On the 8 October 2018,
Sammy signed a two-year deal as the head coach of
Witbank Spurs, but barely two weeks after the
joining the club he  left for Mpumalanga rivals TS
Sporting.   == References ==
Mycetocola zhujimingii is a Gram-positive, aerobic
and short-rod-shaped bacterium from the genus
Mycetocola which has been isolated from the faeces
of the antelope Pantholops hodgsonii from the
Qinghai-Tibet Plateau in China.   == References ==
House of Chetao (also referred to as Chetaw)
(Adyghe: Чэтао Лъэпкъ, Russian: Читао, Turkish:
Çetaw Sülalesi, Çetav Sülalesi or Çetao Sülalesi)
is a Circassian knightly house of Abdzakh
Princedom of Circassia. They are found in Republic
of Adygea and Krasnodar Krai, Russian Federation;
as well as in Republic of Turkey, Syrian Arab
Republic, Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan and Republic
of Iraq due to Circassian genocide in present day.
There are three main claims about the former place
of residence of Chetao House: Tube(Nowadays Tuby),
Mezmay, and Khidizh(nowadays Khadyzhensk).   ==
Etymology == Chetao (Чэтао), meaning "the one who
bears the sword" or "the one who utilises the
sword" or simply "swordsman" in Circassian,
suggesting that the founder of the house had an
exquisite skill in swordsmanship.   == Notable
members ==   == References ==
Tele SC Asmara (Telecommunications Sport Club of
Asmara) is an Eritrean football club based in
Asmara.  The team -usually called "Tele S.C."- is
a member of the Eritrean Football Federation
national league.   == History == Initially the
club was founded in the early 1940s as an Italo-
Eritrean club named Gejeret, that played in the
amateur championship of Italian Eritrea. In 1950
Gejeret started to play in the top league of
Eritrea in Asmara and changed the name to
"Telecommunications SC" (usually called "Tele
SC").  In 1950, Eritrean (local) clubs set up
their own football federation, which was joined by
three of the old Italian clubs (Eritrea, Asmara
and Gejeret). The league contained about 30 clubs,
divided over 3 levels (Serie A, B and C). In 1953,
clubs were forced to join the Ethiopian FA.  In
the Ethiopian championship the team obtained
prestigious levels. So, in 1959 the team has won
the Ethiopian Premier League., The Eritrean team
also won the Ethiopian championship in 1969 and
1970. The team united with the historical GS
Asmara in the early 1970s and changed again the
name: it was now Tele SC Asmara. Under the lead of
the famous "Eritrean Herrera" (the coach Massimo
Fenili) the team won two titles of the Ethiopian
National Championships in 1972 and 1973. The team
participated in four editions of the "African Cup
of Champions Clubs". Since the years of the
struggle for Eritrea independence the team has
entered in a deep crisis and started playing in
secondary championships of Eritrea. Since 2016 it
is no more active for economic reasons.   ==
Stadium == Currently the team plays at the 10,000
capacity Cicero Stadium, created in the early
1940s.   == Honours == Ethiopian Premier League as
"Tele SC": 1959, 1969, 1970 Ethiopian Premier
League as "Tele SC Asmara": 1972 and 1973   ==
Performance in CAF competitions == CAF Champions
League: 4 appearances 1970 African Cup of
Champions Clubs 1971 African Cup of Champions
Clubs 1973 African Cup of Champions Clubs 1974
African Cup of Champions Clubs   == References ==
Aligudarz County (Persian: شهرستان الیگودرز) is in
Lorestan province, Iran. Its capital is the city
of Aligudarz.   == History == After the 2006
National Census, the village of Shulabad-e Sofla
was elevated to city status as Shulabad. After the
2011 census, Borborud-e Gharbi Rural District was
separated from the Central District in the
formation of Borborud-e Gharbi District, including
the new Cheshmeh Par Rural District. Borborud-e
Sharqi and Farsesh Rural Districts were also
separated from the Central District to form
Borborud-e Sharqi District. After the 2016 census,
Chaman Soltan, Shahpurabad, and Titkan were
elevated to city status.   == Demographics ==
=== Ethnicity === The county is populated by
various Lur tribes.   === Population === At the
time of the 2006 census, the county's population
was 134,802 in 28,668 households. The following
census in 2011 counted 140,275 people in 35,020
households. The 2016 census measured the
population of the county as 137,534 in 38,503
households.   === Administrative divisions ===
Aligudarz County's population history and
administrative structure over three consecutive
censuses are shown in the following table.   ==
Gallery ==
== See also ==  Media related to Aligudarz County
at Wikimedia Commons   == Notes ==   == References
==
Eslava is a town and municipality located in the
province and autonomous community of Navarre,
northern Spain.   == References ==   == External
links == ESLAVA in the Bernardo Estornés Lasa -
Auñamendi Encyclopedia, Euskomedia Fundazioa (in
Spanish)
Carleton James King (June 15, 1904 – November 19,
1977) was an attorney and politician from Saratoga
Springs, New York. A Republican, he was most
notable for his service as District Attorney of
Saratoga County, New York from 1950 to 1960, and a
member of the United States House of
Representatives from 1961 to 1974. A native of
Saratoga Springs, King graduated from Albany Law
School in 1926, was admitted to the bar, and
practiced in Saratoga Springs. He became active in
politics and government as a Republican, and
served as acting city court judge of Saratoga
Springs from 1936 to 1941. In 1936, he was an
unsuccessful candidate for Congress. In 1942, King
was appointed Deputy District Attorney of Saratoga
County, and he served until 1950. In 1950, King
won election as district attorney, and he served
until resigning at the end of 1960 to assume his
seat in the Congress. In 1960, King won election
to the U.S. House. He was reelected six times and
served from January 1961 until resigning in
December 1974. He was an unsuccessful candidate
for reelection in 1974, and resigned a few days
before the end of his final term. In retirement,
King resided in Florida. He died in Bradenton,
Florida on November 19, 1977. His remains were
cremated and scattered in the Gulf of Mexico.   ==
Early life == King was born in Saratoga Springs,
New York on June 15, 1904, the son of James Henry
King and Anna Louise (Rose) King. He graduated
from Albany Law School in 1926. He was a member of
the Phi Sigma Kappa fraternity, and at graduation
received the Corporation Prize, which was awarded
to the student with the highest class standing in
corporation law.   == Career == After attaining
admission to the bar in 1926, King practiced law
in Saratoga Springs. In 1936, he was a candidate
for Congress, but lost the Republican nomination
to E. Harold Cluett. From 1936 to 1941, he was
acting judge of the Saratoga Springs municipal
court. King was an assistant district attorney of
Saratoga County, New York from 1942 until 1950. In
1950, he was elected district attorney, and he
served until resigning at the end of 1960 so he
could begin the Congressional term to which he had
been elected earlier that year. In 1955, King
served as president of the New York State District
Attorneys Association. In November 1957, leaders
of organized crime in New York held a planning
conference now known as the Apalachin meeting,
which was interrupted by police. In response,
Governor Averell Harriman appointed five District
Attorneys, including King, to advise him on new
legislation. In February 1958, the district
attorneys recommended creation of a special
rackets bureau within the New York State Police.
== U.S. Congressman == He was elected to Congress
in 1960, and was reelected six times. He served
from January 3, 1961, until his resignation on
December 31, 1974. He unsuccessfully ran for re-
election in 1974, and lost to Democratic nominee
Edward W. Pattison, a victory attributed to the
wave election that favored Democrats as voters
responded to Republican involvement in the
Watergate scandal. King was recognized as a member
of the Republican Party's conservative wing. In
1962, he proposed an across-the-board income tax
of at least 25 percent. In addition, King argued
that individual and corporate tax rates should not
be higher than 47 percent. During his
Congressional service, King served on the United
States Naval Academy board of visitors.   == Later
life == In 1975, King was appointed to the board
of visitors of the United States Military Academy.
In retirement, he resided in Florida. He died in
Bradenton, Florida on November 19, 1977. King was
cremated and his ashes were scattered in the Gulf
of Mexico near Bradenton.   == Family == In 1933,
King married Constance M. Roddy of Brooklyn. They
were the parents of two children, son Carleton J.
King Jr. and daughter Constance King, the wife of
James A. Murphy Jr.   == References ==   ==
External links ==  United States Congress.
"Carleton J. King (id: K000195)". Biographical
Directory of the United States Congress.
Stephen Victor Graham  (March 4, 1874 – September
2, 1955) was a United States Naval Rear Admiral
and the governor of American Samoa from September
9, 1927, to August 2, 1929. Graham attended the
United States Naval Academy and served on numerous
ships before being posted to the governorship. As
governor, he established a strong charter for the
former Bank of American Samoa and reworked Samoan
fiscal law. After his governorship, he worked at
the Naval Academy as the head of the Modern
Languages department.   == Life ==   === Early
life === Graham was born on March 4, 1874, in Cass
County, Michigan.   === Naval career === Graham
was appointed to the United States Naval Academy
from Michigan on May 19, 1890. He graduated July
1, 1896, and received the rank of lieutenant
(junior grade) on July 1, 1899. He served on USS
Cincinnati, USS Adams, USS Saratoga, and USS
Rainbow. Later in his career, as a lieutenant
commander, Graham headed the Department of Modern
Languages at the United States Naval Academy.
After retiring, Graham was awarded the rank of
rear admiral on March 3, 1931.   == Governorship
== On September 9, 1927, Graham became Governor of
American Samoa. While in office, Graham
rechartered the Bank of American Samoa and amended
current fiscal laws for the island. He ceded the
post to Gatewood Sanders Lincoln on August 2,
1929. Shortly after Captain Graham became
governor, he received a letter from the Mau saying
they would not pay any more taxes until a decision
had been made regarding the “desire of the Samoa
League for civil government.” Graham was invited
to the Mau headquarters in Nuʻuuli, where he told
them not paying taxes would be an act of defiance.
The Mau said they were not hostile to the Navy
administration, but believed the time had come for
a change. After governor Graham explained the
“Samoa for Samoans” policy of the Navy, Mau
members were so impressed and discontinued their
taxation efforts.  Governor Graham recommended to
the U.S. Navy's secretary that they adopt a
patient and attentive approach to prevent conflict
when engaging with the Mau movement. A Samoan
orator expressed that the community appreciated
the Governor's willingness to meet and genuinely
listen to them, contrasting with previous
administrations that had treated them with
disdain.   == Bibliography == Graham, Stephen
Victor (1911). Nautical Phraseology in English,
French, Spanish and German: For Use at the U. S.
Naval Academy. Annapolis, Maryland: United States
Naval Academy.   == References ==
Xinghuacun (Chinese: 杏花村; pinyin: Xìnghuācūn) is a
town in Fenyang, Lüliang, Shanxi Province, China.
As of 2020, it administers Fenjiu Residential
Community (汾酒社区) and the following ten villages:
Dongbao Village (东堡村) Xibao Village (西堡村)
Fenghaogou Village (冯郝沟村) Anshang Village (安上村)
Xiaoxiang Village (小相村) Shangbao Village (上堡村)
Xiabao Village (下堡村) Xiaoxiangzhai Village (小相寨村)
Xinghuacun New Village (杏花村新村) Wujiayuan Village
(武家垣村)   == Culture == Xinghuacun has historically
been a major center for the production of fenjiu,
a popular type of Chinese sorghum liquor.
Archaeological relics suggest that alcohol has
been produced in the region of present-day
Xinghuacun as early as approximately 4000 BCE. The
company Xinghuacun Fenjiu was founded in the town,
and continues to bear its name.   == References ==
Fladengrund was a German fishing trawler which was
built in 1923. She was requisitioned by the
Kriegsmarine during the Second World War. She was
used as a Vorpostenboot. She was sunk by a British
aerial attack in April 1944.   == Description ==
The ship 40.13 m (131 ft 8 in) long, with a beam
of 7.09 metres (23 ft 3 in). She had a depth of
3.25 m (10 ft 8 in). She was assessed at 258 GRT,
98 NRT. She was powered by a triple expansion
steam engine, which had cylinders of 32
centimetres (12+5⁄8 in), 52 centimetres (20+1⁄2
in) and 84 centimetres (33+1⁄16 in) diameter by 60
centimetres (23+5⁄8 in) stroke. The engine was
built by G. Seebeck AG., Wesermünde, Germany. It
was rated at 53 nhp. It drove a single screw
propeller. It could propel the ship at 10 knots
(19 km/h).   == History == Fladengrund was built
as yard number 418 by G. Seebeck AG., Wesermünde,
Germany. She was launched in May 1923 and
completed in June. Owned by the Norddeutsche
Hochseefischerei, her port of registry was
Wesermünde. She was allocated the Code Letters
KRBT, and the fishing boat registration PG 340. In
1934, her Code Letters were changed to DEZH. On 22
September 1939, Fladengrund was requisitioned by
the Kriegsmarine. Designated as a vorpostenboot.
She was allocated to 7 Vorpostenflotille as V 708
Fladengrund. She was armed with an 88mm cannon and
a number of 20mm guns. On 8 February 1944, she was
reallocated to 6 Vorpostenflotille as V 606
Fladengrund. On 26 April 1944, Fladengrund was
bombed and sunk in the Bay of Biscay west of
Saint-Nazaire, Loire-Inférieure and south of Belle
Île, Finistère, France (47°06′N 2°58′W) in an
attack by a Royal Air Force Handley Page Halifax
aircraft with the loss of 21 of her 38 crew.
Survivors were rescued by V 603 Carsten.   ==
External links == Video of a dive on the wreck of
Fladengrund in 2017   == References ==   ===
Sources === Gröner, Erich (1993). Die deutschen
Kriegsschiffe 1815-1945 (in German). Vol. 8/I:
Flußfahrzeuge, Ujäger, Vorpostenboote,
Hilfsminensucher, Küstenschutzverbände (Teil 1).
Koblenz: Bernard & Graefe. ISBN 3-7637-4807-5.
Nick Trakakis is an Australian philosopher who is
Assistant Director of the Centre for Philosophy
and Phenomenology of Religion of the Australian
Catholic University. He has previously taught at
Monash University and Deakin University, and
during 2006–2007 he was a postdoctoral research
fellow at the Centre for Philosophy of Religion at
the University of Notre Dame. He works mainly at
the intersections of philosophy (in both the
analytic and Continental traditions), religion,
and theology.   == Education ==  Trakakis
completed a Bachelor of Theology degree at St
Andrew's Greek Orthodox Theological College
(Sydney, Australia) and a Bachelor of Arts degree
at the University of New England, Australia,
before going on to receive a First Class Honours
in Philosophy from the University of Melbourne.
His doctoral research, undertaken at Monash
University, concentrated on the so-called
'evidential problem of evil', that is, the problem
of determining whether the existence of human and
animal suffering provides good evidence against
the existence of God. A revised version of his
thesis was published by Springer under the title
of The God Beyond Belief.   == Work == In a number
of journal articles and in his recent monograph,
The God Beyond Belief, Trakakis considers various
aspects of the evidential problem of evil,
particularly as this has been formulated and
developed by William Rowe. Trakakis has also
written about such topics in the philosophy of
religion as the omnipotence of God, determinist
models of divine providence, Wittgensteinian non-
realism, and the doctrine of karma. In theology
and church history, he has published his views on
the ordination of women, the infallibility of the
church, the iconoclast controversy, and the work
of Gregory Palamas.   === The evidential argument
from evil === The main conclusion reached by
Trakakis is that Rowe's evidential argument from
evil, or a version thereof, succeeds in showing
that the existence of certain kinds of evil
provides strong evidence against the existence of
God. The possibility, however, is always left open
that there may well be other evidence in support
of the existence of God which outweighs or defeats
the evidence of evil. (He, in fact, used to
believe that the evidence in support of the
existence of God is a defeater and was a theist,
but has since than has "severed his ties with
Orthodoxy, and Christianity in particular, for
reasons such as exclusivism, hierarchism,
ritualism, ethnocentrism; the logical problem of
the trinity and incarnation, the anachronism of
metaphysics with regards to the content of
biblical texts, and the problems of dogmatism with
the incompatibility of commitment to
institutionalized religion with the pursuit of
truth and wisdom.) This conclusion is based on,
first, the rejection the sceptical theist's appeal
to mystery, and second, the inadequacy of standard
theodicies to explain the existence of natural
evil. Trakakis argues that there is no good reason
to accept the currently popular 'sceptical theist'
response to the evidential problem of evil – that
is, the response that we do not know, and we
cannot be expected to know, what God's reasons are
for permitting evil. Trakakis has, for example,
argued that the sceptical theist position of Kirk
Durston – a position which maintains that the
complexity of history is such that we cannot pass
judgement on the overall moral value of any
particular historical event – leads to an
implausible form of moral scepticism. Trakakis
also maintains that some of the major theodicies
that have been offered by theists (e.g., the free
will theodicy, the soul-making theodicy) fail to
explain why God would permit various types of
evil, particularly 'natural evil' or suffering
brought about by natural processes (e.g., natural
disasters). However, he does believe that the
free-will theodicy may succeed in explaining at
least some kinds of moral evil. On this issue,
Joel Thomas Tierno has argued against Trakakis
that human freedom alone can not account for all
instances of moral evil, given the scale on which
we find it distributed in the world.   ==
Publications == In his current research, Trakakis
is exploring various approaches to the philosophy
of religion, focusing in particular on analytic
and Continental approaches. He has also published
two volumes of poetry and philosophical
reflections, Tears (2005) and Silent
Transfigurations (2006), with a third volume (Via
Dolorosa) forthcoming. Autumn Manuscripts was
joint winner of the Translation Prize at the 2021
New South Wales Premier's Literary Awards.   ===
Selected papers === "An Epistemically Distant God?
A Critique of John Hick's Response to the Problem
of Divine Hiddenness", The Heythrop Journal 48
(2007): 214–26. "Rowe's New Evidential Argument
from Evil: Problems and Prospects", Sophia:
International Journal for Philosophy of Religion,
Metaphysical Theology and Ethics, vol. 45, no. 1,
May 2006, pp. 57–77. "An Interview with the Very
Rev. Dr. Themistocles Adamopoulo, Apostle to the
Poor and Oppressed", Theandros: An Online Journal
of Orthodox Christian Theology and Philosophy,
vol. 3, no. 2, Winter 2005/2006. (Available
online)   === Books === Autumn Manuscripts , Tasos
Leivaditis, translated by N N Trakakis, Smokestack
Books, 2020. ISBN 9781916139268 William Rowe on
Philosophy of Religion: Selected Works (Editor),
Ashgate Publishing, 2007.  ISBN 0-7546-5558-X. The
God Beyond Belief: In Defence of William Rowe’s
Evidential Argument from Evil. Springer, 2006.
ISBN 1-4020-5144-1. Silent Transfigurations.
Southwood Press, 2006. ISBN 0-646-46229-6. Tears:
1993–2005. ISBN 0-646-44954-0.   == Notes and
references ==   == External links == Web page at
Monash. Includes a more complete list of
publication. "The Evidential Problem of Evil". His
article at the Internet Encyclopedia of
Philosophy.
The Mureș Floodplain Natural Park, set aside by
the Romanian government in 2005, is located in
western Romania outside the city of Arad. The park
covers 17,455 ha and follows the river Mureș
westward from the city of Arad to the Hungarian
border. The park is a typical ecosystem for
wetlands, with running waters, lakes, swamps and
floodplains, with forests, an important place for
the passage and nesting of bird species and is
subjected to periodical floods (a flood every
three years). The forests (7,500 ha) in the park
are made up primarily of common oak, narrow-leafed
ash, black and white poplar, white willow, and
American black walnut. This area is an important
place for nesting and passage for nearly 200
species of birds, most of which are strictly
protected internationally. The main purpose of the
Mureș Floodplain Natural Park is to protect and
preserve the habitats and landscape diversity from
the region. The park has been designated a Ramsar
site, and under Natura 2000, the park was
designated a SPA (Special Protection Area) for
birds, and a SAC (Special Area of Conservation)
for other species and habitats. Within the park,
there are 4 strictly protected natural reserves:
The Cenad Forest (310.5 ha), Big Isle of Cenad
(2.1 ha), Igriș Islands (7 ha), and Prundul Mare
(717.9 ha). The park is a sister park with the
Körös-Maros National Park, in Hungary. The two
parks border each other and have created a cross-
border protected area with a future common
management plan.   == Biology == The Mureș
Floodplain Natural Park has an ecosystem that is
typical for wetlands, with running and still
waters, large forests and periodic floods (every
several years).   === Flora === The vegetation in
the park grows in a continental climate, with warm
summers and moderate winters. The annual average
temperature is 10.5 degrees Celsius and the
average annual rainfall is 550 mm. Many plants
within the park need the periodic flooding in
order to germinate and to consume the nutrients
freshly dissolved in the water. A large number of
plants in the park are on "the red list of
superior plants in Romania", meaning they are
vulnerable or rare species. Some of these include:
yarrow (Achillea thracica), water soldier
(Stratiotes aloides), common corncockle
(Agrostemma githago), Cirsium brachycephalum,
prostrate false pimpernel (Lindernia procumbens),
brittle waternymph (Najas minor), hog's fennel
(Peucedanum officinale), lesser butterfly-orchid
(Platanthera bifolia), Scottish dock (Rumex
aquaticus), French vetch (Vicia narbonensis L.
ssp. serratifolia). Besides this, there are also
three species which are strictly protected
according to the Bern Convention: European
waterclover (Marsilea quadrifolia), floating
watermoss (Salvinia natans), water caltrop (Trapa
natans). Stands of oak (Quercus robur) and ash
(Fraxinus angustifolia) are predominant in the
park, together with the coppices of black and
white poplar (Populus nigra and Populus alba) and
white willow (Salix alba). These species are
mostly found in the small forest in the Cenad area
and in the 6,000-ha forest along the Mureș River
between Arad and the village of Semlac (which
includes the Ceala Forest).   === Fauna === The
fauna in the park encompasses a multitude of
species, from large mammals to species living on
the river bottom. There are large populations of
mammal species living within the park. Among these
are: European hamster (Cricetus cricetus),
European polecat (Mustela putorius), brown long-
eared bat (Plecotus auritus), otter (Lutra lutra),
European wildcat (Felis silvestris), red fox
(Vulpes vulpes), red deer (Cervus elaphus), wild
boar (Sus scrofa), fallow deer (Dama dama) and roe
deer (Capreolus capreolus). In 1988, the area
which is now the Mureș Floodplain Natural Park was
designated as an Important Bird Area because of
the existence of numerous bird species. Nearly all
the birds living in The Mures Floodplain Natural
Park are included in the annexes of the Bern
Convention and the EU's Habitats Directive. Among
them is the lesser spotted eagle (Aquila
pomarina), whose numbers within the park are low,
but which was chosen as symbol of the natural
park. Approximately 200 species of birds live or
pass through the park every year. Among these are:
great cormorants (Phalacrocorax carbo), black-
crowned night-heron (Nycticorax nycticorax), grey
heron (Ardea cinerea), mallard (Anas
platyrhynchos), black-headed gull (Larus
ridibundus), Eurasian coot (Fulica atra), little
bittern (Ixobrychus minutus), little grebe
(Tachybaptus ruficollis), water rail (Rallus
aquaticus), European bee-eater (Merops apiaster).
There is also a very large number of sand martins
(Riparia riparia). Nearly half of the entire
population of sand martins on the Mureș River can
be found within the Mureș Floodplain Natural Park.
All six of the species of reptiles and nine
species of amphibians identified within the park
are mentioned in the annexes of the Bern
Convention and the EU's Habitats Directive. Their
inclusion in these lists is due to the regress of
these species, which are considered barometers for
the state of an ecosystem's health. Among these
are: European pond terrapin (Emys orbicularis),
dice snake (Natrix tessellata), European fire-
bellied toad (Bombina bombina), and the great
crested newt (Triturus cristatus). For the fish
species in the park, the periodic flooding of the
Mureș River is a blessing; this process provides
new spawning grounds, as well as generating new
food and protection. The ichthyofauna in the park
has a rich diversity and contains more fish
species than any other section of the Mureș River.
It is only in this section of the Mureș River that
some species exist: white-eye bream (Abramis
sapa), zarte (Vimba vimba), crucian carp
(Carassius carassius), brown bullhead (Ameiurus
nebulosus), striped ruffe (Gymnocephalus
schraetser), zingel (Zingel zingel).   ==
Recreation/tourism == Because of the proximity of
the park to so many municipalities, the area that
is now the Mureș Floodplain Natural Park has been
used for recreation for centuries. Throughout
time, local citizens have depended on this area
for both recreation and to sustain their lives.
The creation of the park in 2005, insures this
will continue in the future, but with oversight
and regulations. The most visited areas of the
park are the Ceala Forest (due to its proximity to
the city of Arad) and the Bezdin area (widely
known as the most natural section of the park).
=== The Ceala Forest Visitor Center === Between
2001 and 2005, the Mureș Floodplain Natural Park
implemented, at what was then the largest Phare
grant in Romania (co-financed for 2.6 million
Euros). Among other infrastructure projects, this
grant built the park's current visitor center. In
May 2007, the Ceala Forest Visitor Center, just
outside the city of Arad, had its grand opening.
The building houses a 34-bed hotel, a conference
room that seats up to 70 people, a kitchen and
dining area, a laboratory, and the park's
administrative offices.   === Eco-tourism === The
park's eco-tourism program has two components: a
guided/unguided canoe trip on the Mures River from
the city of Arad to the town of Pecica; and
bicycle rentals to be used on the park's bicycle
trail network. Both are extremely popular during
the spring and summer months.   === Cultural ===
There are three monasteries within the park
boundaries. All three monasteries are owned and
operated by their respective churches, but due to
their proximity to the Mureș River and its
important ecosystem, these lands fall under the
supervision and protection of the Mureș Floodplain
Natural Park. On the northern side of the river is
the Saint Paraschiva Monastery, which can be found
just outside the village of Bodrogu Vechi. This is
the newest monastery in the park and is accessed
from the town of Pecica. On the southern side of
the river are other two monasteries. The Hodoș-
Bodrog Monastery, dating from 1177, is one of the
oldest monastic institutions in the Romanian
Orthodox Church. The monastery is accessible from
the village of Bodrogu Nou and is 17 km from the
city of Arad. The monastery is active and has many
monks living and working there. The Bezdin
Monastery, dating from 1539, is one of the few
Serbian Orthodox monasteries in Romania which is
still preserved. In comparison to the Hodoș-Bodrog
Monastery, Bezdin is very isolated and is situated
in what is considered the most natural part of the
Mureș Floodplain Natural Park. The monastery is
accessible from the commune of Munar and is 31 km
from the city of Arad.   === Bird watching and
wildlife viewing === Because of the rich bird life
within the park, the park administration
constructed two structures in the Bezdin area. In
2004, the park erected a wildlife viewing tower in
an area of the forest that is known to have
wildlife viewing potential. In 2005, the park
erected a bird watching tower near the Bezdin
marsh. Both of these towers are accessible from
the Bezdin Monastery and the commune of Munar.
=== Hunting and fishing === Hunting is allowed
within the park during certain seasons and in
specific areas.  Fishing is also allowed, but only
with a fishing license.   == Environmental
education == Because of the close proximity to a
large city and the potentially large impact this
causes the park, the park's environmental
education program grew rapidly in the first three
years in existence: 100 students (2006), 900
students (2007), and over 2,000 students (2008).
The park administration was trained by Outward
Bound Romania on experiential education strategies
in the summer of 2007. The park has the Romanian
park system's first low ropes course and has
received notoriety in Romanian national news and
within the park system for its education efforts.
== See also == Defileul Mureşului Superior Natural
Park Protected areas of Romania   == Notes ==   ==
References == Pîrv, Ovidiu (2004). "The Mures
Floodplain Natural Park" (15).   == External links
== Official website  Romsilva website
Wentorf (Amt Sandesneben) is a municipality in the
district of Lauenburg, in Schleswig-Holstein,
Germany.   == References ==
The Valle de los Ríos Apurímac, Ene y Mantaro
(lit. 'Valley of the Apurímac, Ene and Mantaro
rivers'), also known as the VRAEM, is a
geopolitical area in Peru, located in portions of
the departments of Ayacucho, Cusco, Huancavelica,
and Junin. It is one of the major areas of coca
production in Peru. It is also the center of
operation of the far-left terrorist group Shining
Path.  The area is extremely poor. The VRAEM is an
area of such high childhood malnutrition and
poverty that the government of Peru selected the
VRAEM to launch its National Strategy for Growth
program in 2007.   == Cocaine production == Since
2012, Peru has overtaken Colombia as the world's
largest cocaine-producing country. With local
incomes below $10/day, the valleys are used to
produce raw paste product, and much of the drug
trade is controlled by the Shining Path. With an
estimated 19,700 hectares (49,000 acres) of
production area (2010), it is presently the
world's densest area of cocaine production. Paste
product is shipped out of the valleys by armed
native backpackers to Cuzco, and then onward
shipped to either: the Pacific Ocean ports; the
Bolivian border, where it is sold to one of the
drug cartels; or to mule-traffickers who ship the
product onwards via scheduled air transport to
Europe and North America.   == See also == Sivia
Pichari   == References ==
The gens Quartinia was an obscure plebeian family
at ancient Rome.  Few members of this gens are
mentioned in history, but a number are known from
inscriptions.   == Origin == The nomen Quartinius
belongs to a class of gentilicia formed from other
names, typically ending in -inus, suggesting the
cognomen Quartinus, a diminutive of Quartus,
fourth.  Quartus may have been an old praenomen
that had fallen out of use by historical times,
but continued in use as a cognomen.  The feminine
form, Quarta, was regularly used as both praenomen
and cognomen. The greater number of Quartinii are
known from inscriptions from various parts of
Gaul, and other northern provinces, suggesting
that the family was of Gallic origin.  At least
two of them were associated with the temple of
Mithras at Virunum in Noricum, one in the late
second century, the other early in the fourth,
indicating the family's long residence there.   ==
Praenomina == The only praenomina associated with
the Quartinii are Lucius, Marcus, and Titus, all
of which were among the most common names
throughout Roman history.   == Members == This
list includes abbreviated praenomina.  For an
explanation of this practice, see filiation.
Quartinius Castresus, son of Quartinius Optatus,
buried in the family sepulchre at Rome, aged seven
years, one month, twenty-seven days. Quartinia T.
f. Catullina, dedicated a tomb at Salinae in Alpes
Maritimae for her parents, Titus Quartinius
Catullinus and Lucillia Materna, and brother,
Quartinius Maternus. Titus Quartinius Catullinus,
husband of Lucillia Materna, and father of
Quartinius Maternus and Quartinia Catullina,
buried at Salinae. Quartinius T. f. Maternus, son
of Titus Quartinius Catullinus and Lucillia
Materna, was a soldier in the fourteenth urban
cohort, buried at Salinae in a tomb dedicated by
his sister, Quartinia Catullina. Quartinia Mitani,
wife of Aurelius Primitivus Cularo, named in an
inscription from Gratianopolis in Gallia
Narbonensis. Quartinius Optatus, a veteran, built
a sepulchre at Rome for himself, his son,
Quartinius Castresus, and Flavia Myrtala, perhaps
his wife. Quartinia Paterna, wife of Marcus
Mogovius Bredo, who dedicated a tomb for her at
Nemausus in Gallia Narbonensis. Marcus Quartinius
Paternus, the son of Avitianus, named in a
libationary inscription from Brigantio in Alpes
Maritimae. Lucius Quartinius Primus, named in an
inscription found at Riva del Garda, formerly in
Venetia and Histria. Lucius Quartinius Quartus,
named in a dedicatory inscription from the temple
of Mithras at Virunum, dating between AD 182 and
184. Marcus Quartinius M. f. Sabinus Remus, a
soldier in the praetorian guard, named in a
libationary inscription from Rome. Titus
Quartinius Saturnalis, standard-bearer of the
thirtieth legion, named in a libationary
inscription from Colonia Ulpia Trajana in Germania
Inferior, dating to AD 239. Quartinius Tacitus,
named in an inscription from Rome. Quartinius
Ursinianus, curator of the temple of Mithras at
Virunum, after its restoration in AD 311.
Quartinia Virana, named in a libationary
inscription found at Fino Mornasco, formerly part
of Cisalpine Gaul.   == See also == List of Roman
gentes   == References ==   == Bibliography ==
Theodor Mommsen et alii, Corpus Inscriptionum
Latinarum (The Body of Latin Inscriptions,
abbreviated CIL), Berlin-Brandenburgische Akademie
der Wissenschaften (1853–present). René Cagnat et
alii, L'Année épigraphique (The Year in Epigraphy,
abbreviated AE), Presses Universitaires de France
(1888–present). George Davis Chase, "The Origin of
Roman Praenomina", in Harvard Studies in Classical
Philology, vol. VIII (1897). Hans Petersen, "The
Numeral Praenomina of the Romans", in Transactions
of the American Philological Association, vol.
xciii, pp. 347–354 (1962).
Georg Nusch (8 January 1588 in Rothenburg ob der
Tauber - 8 January 1668 Rothenburg ob der Tauber)
was a Bavarian politician. He was born to a
patrician family of Rothenburg ob der Tauber, in
Bavaria's Franconia region. He was the city's
mayor in 1631 when Johann Tserclaes, Count of
Tilly and the imperial army besieged the city
during the 30 Years' War. Nusch lived in the so-
called "Jaxtheimer", opposite the Rothenburg town
hall, in today's Marienapotheke.  His birthplace
was the wine business "Zum Roten Hahn" which is a
hotel today.   == Portrayal in fiction == In the
play Der Meistertrunk, a piece by Adam Hörber
which debuted in 1881, the meeting between Mayor
Nusch and Tilly supposedly happened as follows:
Tilly condemned the city councilmen to death and
wanted to burn the city. In their distress, the
councilors presented him a welcome drink in a
splendid colored glass cup, which held 3 1/4
liters of wine. Tilly was appeased by this and
said that if someone could drink this cup full of
wine in one go, he would spare the city.  Nusch
volunteered, and to everyone's astonishment he
succeeded in emptying the cup. Tilly was so
impressed that he spared the city.   == References
==
Tringa, Mali is a commune in the Cercle of
Yélimané in the Kayes Region of south-western
Mali. The commune contains the four villages:
Diakoné, Dialaka, Lambatara and Maréna. The
administrative centre (chef-lieu) is Maréna. In
2009 the commune had a population of 12,509.   ==
References ==   == External links == Plan de
Securité Alimentaire Commune Rurale de Tringa
2007–2011 (PDF) (in French), Commissariat à la
Sécurité Alimentaire, République du Mali, USAID-
Mali, 2006.
Lucy Herbert, Countess of Powis (25 September 1793
– 16 September 1875), formerly Lady Lucy Graham,
was the wife of Edward Herbert, 2nd Earl of Powis.
Lady Lucy was the daughter of James Graham, 3rd
Duke of Montrose, and his wife, the former Lady
Caroline Maria Montagu.  She married Edward
Herbert, Viscount Clive on 9 February 1818. He
succeeded to the Powis earldom in 1839, at which
point Lucy became Countess of Powis. The couple
had seven children:  Unnamed daughter Herbert
Edward James Herbert, 3rd Earl of Powis
(1818–1891) Lady Lucy Caroline Herbert
(c.1819–1884), who married Frederick Calvert and
had no children Lady Charlotte Elizabeth Herbert
(1821–1906), who married Hugh Montgomery and had
children Lt.-Gen. Rt. Hon. Sir Percy Egerton
Herbert (1822–1876), who married Lady Mary
Caroline Louisa Thomas Petty-FitzMaurice and had
children Very Rev. Hon. George Herbert
(1825–1894), Dean of Hereford, who married
Elizabeth Beatrice Sykes and had children Hon.
Robert Charles Herbert (1827–1902), who married
Anna Maria Cludde and had children Maj.-Gen.
William Henry Herbert (1834–1909), who married
Sybella Augusta Milbank and had children.  The
Earl of Powis died on 17 January 1848 at his home
in Powis Castle after being accidentally shot
during a pheasant hunt by one of his sons, the
Hon. George Herbert, ten days earlier. He was
buried at St Mary's Parish Church, Welshpool. The
countess herself died in 1875 at Walcot,
Shropshire, where the family had another home. A
portrait of the countess, at around the time of
her marriage, was painted by Frederick Richard Say
and is held at Powis Castle. A mineral collection
donated to the National Museum of Wales in 1929 by
George Charles Herbert, 4th Earl of Powis, Lucy's
grandson, was for a time thought to have belonged
to her, but was actually the collection made by
her predecessor and mother in-law, Henrietta
Clive, Countess of Powis.   == Arms ==   ==
References ==
"Baby Girl" is a song by American hip hop
recording artist Jim Jones, released on July 2,
2005 as the lead single from his second studio
Harlem: Diary of a Summer (2005). The song,
produced by Zukhan-Bey for Zukhan Music/BMI,
features vocals from fellow Harlem-based rapper
Max B.   == Music video == The music video was
directed by Jim Jones and Andre Wilkins. The video
features cameo appearances from Trey Songz and
fellow Dipset member Juelz Santana. The second
half of the video switches to "G's Up", also
featuring Max B.   === Controversy === This video
was banned by the Canadian National Music Station
due to Stop Snitchin' shirts in the video.
Defending his decision to use the shirts in his
video, Jim Jones explains, "I was not in any way
trying to promote violence by having those
t-shirts in my video. I was simply making a
comment on using your integrity."   == Chart
positions ==   == References ==   == External
links == Jim Jones ft. Max B - Baby Girl/G's Up
Music Video
Our Lady of Mount Carmel Secondary School is a
Catholic separate school in Mississauga, Ontario.
It is part of the Dufferin-Peel Catholic District
School Board and is affiliated with the parish of
St. John of the Cross. The trustee is Brea Corbet
and the principal is Jennifer Varnam. The school
has approximately 1,750 students. The school has
committees and clubs to encourage extra-curricular
participation, such as the Photography club, Drama
club and Student Council.  Some clubs have special
events within the school such as the Health Club;
Pro-Life Club participates in the March for Life
in Ottawa, Ontario; and the Comic Book Club
writes, draws, and publishes their own comic
books. The school's Boys Senior Hockey Team were
OFSAA Champions in 2002, 2003 and 2006. The Punk
rock band Billy Talent was formed by students at
the school in 1993, originally under the name
Pezz.   == Notable alumni ==  Tré Armstrong -
judge on So You Think You Can Dance Canada Devon
Bailey -  Canadian Football League professional
football player Ian D'Sa - member of punk rock
band Billy Talent Jonathan Gallant - member of the
punk rock band Billy Talent Raye Hartmann -
Canadian Football League professional football
player Benjamin Kowalewicz - member of the punk
rock band Billy Talent Matt Moulson - NHL
professional hockey player (Buffalo Sabres) Ese
Mrabure-Ajufo - Canadian Football League
professional football player Aaron Solowoniuk -
member of punk rock band Billy Talent   == See
also == Education in Ontario List of secondary
schools in Ontario   == References ==   ==
External links ==  Our Lady of Mount Carmel
Secondary School Website Dufferin-Peel Catholic
District School Board
Yulia Markova  (born 10 August 1996) is a Russian
handball player for CSKA Moscow and the Russian
national team. She was selected to represent
Russia at the 2017 World Women's Handball
Championship.   == References ==   == External
links == Yulia Markova at the European Handball
Federation Yulia Markova at Olympedia
Brianne Taylor Reed Pérez (born 2 May 1994) is a
professional footballer who plays as a centre
back. Born in the United States, she plays for the
Dominican Republic women's national team.    ==
Early life == Born and raised in Tinton Falls, New
Jersey to an African-American father and a
Dominican mother, Reed attended Red Bank Catholic
High School. A three-year starter on the varsity
soccer team, she helped lead the team to two
consecutive Shore Conference titles in 2009 and
2010 and well as three consecutive league
championship appearances. In 2010, the team won
the Co-State Championship. Reed also was on the
varsity track team and was 2012 Monmouth County
Triple and Long Jump Champion. Reed played for
club teams Ocean SA Eagles, Wall SC Wombats and
PDA Charge. In 2010 she won the New Jersey Olympic
Development Program (ODP) state championship and
was a member of the finalist team at the 2011 ODP
National Championship. She was named to the First
Team All-Shore Conference by the Asbury Park Press
for two consecutive years in 2010 and 2011. In
2011, she was named to the First Team All-State by
The Star-Ledger and received the John Cobb Senior
Excellence Award. In 2012, she was the recipient
of the Monmouth County Director of Athletics
Sportsmanship Award and Jersey Sporting News
Player of the Year.   == College career == Reed
attended Rutgers University from 2012 to 2016
where she played for the Rutgers Scarlet Knights.
During her freshman season, she made 19
appearances. The following year, she started in
all 22 matches and scored her first collegiate
goal against the University of Connecticut on 24
October 2013. In 2014, she started all 20 matches
playing in the centerback position. She was named
to the 2014 All-Big Ten First Team and received
the Rutgers Junior Female Athlete of the Year
Award. The same year, she was named Third Team
National Soccer Coaches Association of America
(NSCAA) All-American. During her senior season,
Reed started all 26 matches. In November 2015, her
flip throw-in led to the team's first goal against
the Ohio State Buckeyes during the semifinal of
the Big Ten Women's Soccer Tournament. Playing in
the centerback position, she anchored a defense
that recorded a new school record of 770:16
minutes of shutout spanning the team's first nine
matches. Reed was a candidate for the Hermann
Trophy and ranked the No. 24 player in the country
by TopDrawerSoccer.com. She was the recipient of
the 2015 Senior CLASS Award and was named to the
NSCAA First Team All-Great Lakes Region as well as
the All-Big Ten Conference First Team.   == Club
career == Reed was drafted by FC Kansas City as
the 18th pick in the 2016 NWSL College Draft. She
signed with Kansas City ahead of the 2016 season.
Reed was transferred to Kvarnsveden IK from FC
Kansas City on 21 July 2017. On 20 December 2017
she signed with Eskilstuna United but never played
a single game for the club. In August 2018 she
signed for Elitettan side Västerås BK 30 where she
played for the rest of the 2018 season. In January
2019 she signed for Danish Elitedivisionen club FC
Nordsjælland. She stayed at the club for four
seasons winning the Danish Women's Cup during the
2020 season. On 22 January 2023 she signed with
Australian side South Melbourne FC In 2024, she
played with Portuguese club Damaiense in the
Campeonato Nacional Feminino. In July 2024, she
joined the Whitecaps FC Girls Elite in League1
British Columbia, making her debut on July 20
against Rivers FC. In January 2025, she announced
her retirement from playing at club level, but
would continue to play at international level for
the Dominican Republic.   == International career
== On 30 June 2021, Reed was called up by the
Dominican Republic.   == References ==   ==
External links == FC Kansas City player profile
Rutgers player profile Brianne Reed at Soccerway
Hidayatullah I was the third Sultan of Banjar who
ruled from 1570 until his death in 1595, he
succeeded his father, Rahmatullah of Banjar.